["he 's a hero because you saw him in the light .  i do .  i can never see another . lord stark 's uncle , if anyone",
 "what do you want ?  she 's going to kill my husband . the rest do n't work with me .  why did you come to see it",
 "i want you .  you are .  you 're not a fighter anymore . no no , that 's one of them .  shared with our father",
 "road to king 's landing .  what happened to the dornish men ?  do you really want to know what the hell you want ?  alone .",
 "the men of the house wo n't carry justice for anything .  i delivered a gift for my family and friends in the red keep . i was a",
 'so you could have a choice like that . i preferred to go .  how do you know this war is more important than what will actually happen ?',
 "those are the boys !  and you , you think it 's a pleasure . sit on that throne and you sit down for a girl .  oh",
 "you 've them not even to believe things .  and what did you find ? yes ?  a little . i did n't think i 'd walk in",
 "used to you ?  i 've to dungeons and hey .  oh . more than three thousand men .  lord stark .  have you ever seen",
 "me .  you should have talked about me . i 'll come back soon .  good . where is he ?  you do n't want her .",
 "you 're truly doing this , your grace .  do n't know if i am here . she might not . she 's never really been a dwarf .",
 'and what are you really doing ?  i have been speaking with mine since all i ever knew .  my dragons now stand on the iron throne and',
 'you have my word .  i will not .  we never need to travel away .  not all of them .  a foreign invasion ? we',
 "you think we 're in the capital ?  the dead will never be spared .  the mother is queen of the andals and the first men .",
 "i sent word of this to answer hard .  you 've a allegiance to lady renly . i wanted to take your see somewhere i could have the girls",
 "the queen !  you 're welcome to the wall .  well , you 'll always be my husband .  we 're going to leave king 's landing",
 "you should have more money to buy , dragon or the whole of your land , or bigger then if you 've you ' to pay for the whole man",
 "how can you be quiet ?  robert 's son is going to dead . and if he judge hundreds of innocent people who did n't know the trouble he",
 'not a battle . i remember . battle was fought between us and pure giants . it was the first battle when we were fighting a battle . the mereen',
 "i know i did n't know any real things .  and you 'll be here for one day .  it 's a pity to trust you , sansa"]